guys so I have a lush haul for you all
and if you guys don't know I'm in love
with lush but i order some from the US
ordering from the US is quite expensive
for shipping so I'm never gonna do that
again and little did I know there was a
lush here in Japan so yeah but the one
that I used to go to is like closed down
so I'm like I don't know what else to
get it at except for this one mall which
is like 15 minutes away or something
that I can't remember really remember
but yeah I love lush so yeah let's get
this hall started um so the two free
soaps kami is the jungle tropical fruit
and it's a solid conditioner and it's
from my hair Wow how do i use this
anyways it's for my hair it smells like
the grass outside or something like that
maybe that's why it's called a tropical
fruit I don't know but it smells like
the grass outside and the next one it's
vanilla in the mist I'm not really sure
what this is for I think it's also for
my hair I could really smelly I don't
want to open it it's all crushed up in
there so the next time i'm going to show
you guys is my ultimate favorite bath
bomb ever well one is from my u.s order
and the other one is from japan here
find it's called Twilight and I
absolutely love these because oh they
look so gorgeous like the moment you
drop them on the water it's like they
start a fizzle and they're like any
start doing this galaxy move and this is
like uh it's so pretty and it smells so
good
and I absolutely love these like I would
repurchase this over and over again I
hope they don't stop selling these I'm
not really sure if they're only holiday
collections but I also loved a twilight
bath bomb okay the next one is a bubble
bar and it's called psychedelic I never
tried this one yet but this I'm sure
gonna try this out pretty pretty soon
yeah ok next one is also a bubble bar
and it's called aura suave asst I'm
sorry if I'm pronouncing that wrong but
this is really pretty mmm I never
smelled this I don't want to open it but
I'm not really sure what it smells like
but I hope it smells good I can't wait
to try this as well so it's called our
swamis I forgot what this one is called
but um I got it from the Japan lush but
I'm guessing it's like jasmine it's a
Jasmine bath bomb or something like that
but yeah I forgot but it's from their
winter collection city has like Japanese
words here and Andy have english words
here here should open the thing but I
already smelled it at the store like its
original scent like outside of the
plastic so that's why I know how it
smells like and I I know that it smells
really good and smells really soothing
so late at night when i'm feeling really
stressed out like i'm planning to take
this baby out and just like drop it on
the water and call myself talk yeah so
the next one is i think it's called a
sex bomb back home I think it's what
it's called but it has like a little
flower right here on the top I say love
I own say after you love sex bombs no I
absolutely love bath bombs like
seriously awesome okay the next one is
pink pink and I never smelled this in
person but it is so small like it's a
smallest one
ever like compared to the twilight it's
so small but it's so pay and pay called
cinder and a lot of people rave about
this so I wanted to really try it out
cuz i wanted to hear it fizzle like a
pop rock or something but yeah it's
called sender so i can't wait for this
to explode in my bathtub so out of all
the things I've always wanted to look
forward to the Twilight and the
Christmas eat like thirsty it's so
pretty and so glittery just like my
nails so glittery so these are my two
ultimate favorites and I would
repurchase them over and over again and
i would recommend it to you guys so the
last one is actually a comforter bull
bar but i already used it all up I'm so
bad but it was so good i actually really
like that so I do recommend the
comforter bovar the christmas eve of our
and a twilight bath bomb because they're
just totally amazing and i actually love
them so if you want to like have a spa
day check out lush because they have
really amazing um things there and you'd
smell so good and so refreshing and you
know your day is not completed out of a
bath so every one woman needs that every
now and then and yeah i hope you guys
enjoy my lush haul and i can't wait to
see you guys in my next video